add stop analyzer docs (#8534)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _analyzers/stop.md

---
layout: default
title: Stop analyzer
nav_order: 70
---

# Stop analyzer

The `stop` analyzer removes a predefined list of stopwords. This analyzer consists of a `lowercase` tokenizer and a `stop` token filter.

## Parameters

You can configure a `stop` analyzer with the following parameters.

Parameter | Required/Optional | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :--- 
`stopwords` | Optional | String or list of strings | A string specifying a predefined list of stopwords (such as `_english_`) or an array specifying a custom list of stopwords. Default is `_english_`.

> `stopwords_path` | Optional | String | The path (absolute or relative to the config directory) to the file containing a list of stop words.

Reviewer: I think it would be good to add an example where we would be using stopwords_path and format it expects

```
is
a
or
and
```

> `stopwords_path` | Optional | String | The path (absolute or relative to the config directory) to the file containing a list of stop words.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`stopwords_path` | Optional | String | The path (absolute or relative to the config directory) to the file containing a list of stopwords.
```

          "tokenizer": "lowercase",
          "filter": [
            "stop"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  },
  "mappings": {
    "properties": {
      "my_field": {
        "type": "text",
        "analyzer": "my_custom_stop_analyzer"
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

## Generated tokens

Use the following request to examine the tokens generated using the analyzer:

```json
POST /my_custom_stop_analyzer_index/_analyze
{
  "analyzer": "my_custom_stop_analyzer",
  "text": "The large turtle is green and brown"
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

The response contains the generated tokens:

```json
{
  "tokens": [
    {
      "token": "large",
      "start_offset": 4,
      "end_offset": 9,
      "type": "word",
      "position": 1
    },
    {
      "token": "turtle",
      "start_offset": 10,
      "end_offset": 16,
      "type": "word",
      "position": 2
    },
    {
      "token": "green",
      "start_offset": 20,
      "end_offset": 25,
      "type": "word",
      "position": 4
    },
    {
      "token": "brown",
      "start_offset": 30,
      "end_offset": 35,
      "type": "word",
      "position": 6
    }
  ]
}
```

# Specifying stopwords

> See following example specifies a custom list of stopwords:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example request specifies a custom list of stopwords:
```
